lasting	enduring or able to endure over a long period of time.	
propellant	<div>a substance that propels something, in particular:&nbsp;a substance used as a reagent in a rocket engine to provide thrust.</div>	
malfunction	a failure to function normally.	
clutter/cluttering	cover or fill (something) with an untidy collection of things.	
stutter	talk with continued involuntary repetition of sounds, especially initial consonants. (progress in an irregular way.)	
hunk	a large piece of something, especially food, cut or broken off a larger piece.	
debris	scattered pieces of rubbish or remains.	
strew/strewn	scatter or spread (things) untidily over a surface or area.	
paradigm	a typical example or pattern of something; a pattern or model.	
deorbit	to depart deliberately from orbit, usually to enter a descent phase. (source:&nbsp;dictionary.com)	
constellation	a group of stars forming a recognizable pattern that is traditionally named after its apparent form or identified with a mythological figure.	
buffet/buffeted	(especially of wind or waves) strike repeatedly and violently; batter.	
decay	(of organic matter) rot or decompose through the action of bacteria and fungi.	
geostationary	(of an artificial satellite of the earth) moving in a circular geosynchronous orbit in the plane of the equator, so that it appears to be stationary in the sky above a fixed point on the surface.	
ominous	giving the worrying impression that something bad is going to happen; threateningly inauspicious.	
mandate	an official order or commission to do something.	
proactive	(of a person or action) creating or controlling a situation rather than just responding to it after it has happened.	
dubious	hesitating or doubting.	
conquest	the subjugation and assumption of control of a place or people by military force.	
persuade	induce (someone) to do something through reasoning or argument.	
conservation	the action of conserving something.	
inadequate	lacking the quality or quantity required; insufficient for a purpose.	
deposit	a sum payable as a first instalment on the purchase of something or as a pledge for a contract, the balance being payable later.	
drag sail	a sea anchor made of canvas.&nbsp;(source:&nbsp;dictionary.com)	
tug/tugging	pull (something) hard or suddenly.	
tether	1.&nbsp;tie (an animal) with a rope or chain so as to restrict its movement.<div>2.&nbsp;use (a smartphone) in order to connect a computer or other device to the Internet.</div>	
tow	(of a motor vehicle or boat) pull (another vehicle or boat) along with a rope, chain, or tow bar.	
tow truck	A truck used to move disabled, improperly parked, impounded, or otherwise indisposed motor vehicles. (Source:&nbsp;wikipedia)	
propulsion	the action of driving or pushing forwards.	